Create AWS auth manager documentation. Part: setup identity center (#38273)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/auth-manager/setup/identity-center.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

=================================
Configure AWS IAM Identity Center
=================================

In order to use the AWS auth manager, you first need to configure `AWS IAM Identity Center <https://aws.amazon.com/iam/identity-center/>`_.
AWS IAM Identity Center is used by the AWS auth manager for authentication purposes (login and logout).

> It is then through the AWS IAM Identity Center that the Airflow environment admin manages users and groups.

Reviewer: I think this can be simplified down, the first time I read this sentence I was a bit lost.
```suggestion
The Airflow environment administrator then uses Identity Center to manage users and groups.
```

Create resources
================

The AWS auth manager needs two resources in AWS IAM Identity Center: an instance and an application.
You can create them either through the vended CLI command or manually.

Create resources with CLI
-------------------------

> The CLI command is not compatible with AWS account managed through AWS organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI command is not compatible with AWS accounts that are managed through AWS organizations.
```

> If your AWS account is managed through AWS Organizations, please follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your AWS account is managed through an AWS Organizations, please follow the
```

:ref:`manual configuration <identity_center_manual_configuration>`.

In order to create all resources needed by the AWS auth manager, you can use the CLI command vended as part of the AWS auth manager.
In order to use it, you first need to set the AWS auth manager as auth manager in Airflow config.
See :doc:`how to set AWS auth manager as auth manager </auth-manager/setup/config>`.

Once done, to create the resources, please run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

  airflow aws-auth-manager init-identity-center

The CLI command should exit successfully with the message. ::

  AWS IAM Identity Center resources created successfully.

If the CLI command exited with an error, please look carefully at the CLI command output to understand which resource(s)
have been successfully created and which have not. The resource(s) which have not been successfully created need to be
:ref:`created manually <identity_center_manual_configuration>`.

If the error message below is raised, please create the AWS IAM Identity Center application through the console
following :ref:`these instructions <identity_center_manual_configuration_application>`. ::

>    Creation of SAML applications is only supported in AWS console today. Please create the application through the console.

Reviewer: I'm curious: under what circumstances would this happen?

Author: Always :) Creation of SAML application is not supported today through the API. AWS IAM Identity Center team said they will eventually support it at some point but it is not clear when. Thus, I decided to create the code when it is going to be ready, in the meantime, I catch the error and try to explain it to the user. I am not sure, the documentation is clear though :/

to create the AWS IAM Identity Center instance.

.. _identity_center_manual_configuration_application:

Create the application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Please follow the instructions below to create the AWS IAM Identity Center application.

1. Open the `IAM Identity Center console <https://console.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon>`_.
2. Choose **Applications**.
3. Choose the **Customer managed** tab.
4. Choose **Add application**.
5. On the **Select application type** page, under **Setup preference**, choose **I have an application I want to set up**.
6. Under **Application type**, choose **SAML 2.0**.
7. Choose **Next**.
8. On the **Configure application** page, under **Configure application**, enter a **Display name** for the application, such as ``Airflow``. Then, enter a Description.
9. Under **IAM Identity Center metadata**, copy the address of the **IAM Identity Center SAML metadata file**.

.. note::

  You will need to set this address in Airflow configuration later.

10. Under **Application metadata**, choose **Manually type your metadata values**. Then, provide the **Application ACS URL** and **Application SAML audience** as follows:

>    * **Application ACS URL**: ``<airflow_endpoint>/login_callback``

Reviewer: Is `<airflow_endpoint>` a place holder that the individual following this guide should know to fill in here? Or is that literally the text you should type in?

Author: The former :) Maybe I should mention it and say they should replace it with their actual endpoint?

Reviewer: > Maybe I should mention it and say they should replace it with their actual endpoint?

Yeah I think that'd be really helpful. A sentence before this code block describing what that thing is and where the user can get the value for it.

Author: Done

   * **Application SAML audience**: ``<airflow_endpoint>/login_metadata``

11. Choose **Submit**. The application is now created.

Attribute mappings configuration
================================

> Once the application created, you need to configure the attribute mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is created, you need to configure the attribute mappings.
```

1. Go to the details page of the application that you just created.
2. Choose **Actions**.

> 3. Under **Actions**, choose **Edit attribute mappings**. You're taken to the attribute mappings configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Actions**, choose **Edit attribute mappings**.
```

4. On the **Attribute mappings** page, you need to configure the different attribute mappings between your identity
   provider and AWS IAM Identity Center. For more information on attribute mappings, see the
   `IAM Identity Center documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/userguide/attributemappingsconcept.html>`_.
   The AWS auth manager needs two attributes: **id** and **groups**.

>    If you use the default Identity Center directory as identity source, you can use the configuration below:

Reviewer: Should you have documentation on using other sources? What other sources can you use?

Author: The number of different sources can be really big, it is hard/impossible to cover all of them. Though, I could add one of two very popular ones

Reviewer: Fair enough, yeah maybe just a couple of the big ones. But they don't need full documentation. Also how it is now is fine too :+1:

Author: I'll keep it as is because the documentation I linked before in the documentation should help users to figure out their mappings. The documentation takes multiple different examples such as Active Directory

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

=================================
Configure AWS IAM Identity Center
=================================

In order to use the AWS auth manager, you first need to configure `AWS IAM Identity Center <https://aws.amazon.com/iam/identity-center/>`_.
AWS IAM Identity Center is used by the AWS auth manager for authentication purposes (login and logout).

> The Airflow environment administrator then uses Identity Center to manage users and groups.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: "Following configuration, the Airflow environment administrator can manage users and groups with Identity Center service."

Create resources
================

The AWS auth manager needs two resources in AWS IAM Identity Center: an instance and an application.

> You can create them either through the vended CLI command or manually.

Reviewer 2: through the provided CLI command or manually

Create resources with CLI
-------------------------

.. note::
  The CLI command is not compatible with AWS accounts that are managed through AWS organizations.
  If your AWS account is managed through an AWS organization, please follow the
  :ref:`manual configuration <identity_center_manual_configuration>`.

.. note::
  In order to create all resources needed by the AWS auth manager, you can use the CLI command vended as part of the AWS auth manager.

>   In order to use it, you first need to set the AWS auth manager as auth manager in Airflow config.

Reviewer 2: To create all necessary resources for the AWS Auth Manager, you can utilize the CLI command provided as part of the AWS auth manager. Before executing the command, ensure the AWS auth manager is configured as the auth manager for the Airflow instance.

  See :doc:`how to set AWS auth manager as auth manager </auth-manager/setup/config>`.

To create the resources, please run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

  airflow aws-auth-manager init-identity-center

> The CLI command should exit successfully with the message. ::

Reviewer 2: with the message:

  AWS IAM Identity Center resources created successfully.

If the CLI command exited with an error, please look carefully at the CLI command output to understand which resource(s)

> have been successfully created and which have not. The resource(s) which have not been successfully created need to be

Reviewer 2: which resource(s) have or have not been created successfully

:ref:`created manually <identity_center_manual_configuration>`.

If the error message below is raised, please create the AWS IAM Identity Center application through the console

> following :ref:`these instructions <identity_center_manual_configuration_application>`. ::

Reviewer 2: replace "." with ":"

================================

Once the application is created, you need to configure the attribute mappings.

1. Go to the details page of the application that you just created.
2. Choose **Actions**.
3. Under **Actions**, choose **Edit attribute mappings**.
4. On the **Attribute mappings** page, you need to configure the different attribute mappings between your identity
   provider and AWS IAM Identity Center. For more information on attribute mappings, see the
   `IAM Identity Center documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/userguide/attributemappingsconcept.html>`_.
   The AWS auth manager needs two attributes: **id** and **groups**.
   If you use the default Identity Center directory as identity source, you can use the configuration below:

   * **id**

     * **User attribute in the application**: ``id``
     * **Maps to this string value or user attribute in IAM Identity Center**: ``${user:AD_GUID}``
     * **Format**: ``basic``
   * **groups**

     * **User attribute in the application**: ``groups``
     * **Maps to this string value or user attribute in IAM Identity Center**: ``${user:groups}``
     * **Format**: ``basic``

> 5. Once both attributes **id** and **groups** defined, choose **Save changes**.

Reviewer 2: id and groups are defined
